# Simple music player

A very basic version of a music player is included. The implementation is in
the file `music-player.cpp` and you can build it using the following command:
	
	g++ -std=c++11 -o mp music-player.cpp -lsfml-audio 

For the command above to work you will need all the files with the data
structure implementations in the same directory. The command is a bit
different from the usual as it contains `-lsfml-audio` at the end. This will
tell the compiler to use a library for the actual music playing. As result,
the file `mp` is created.

In order to use the program we need to provide a file with the file names of
the songs. Player invocation look something like:
	
	./mp musicfiles.txt

If the files with the music are in the same directory as the program, the file
`musicfiles.txt` can be generated by using:

	ls *.ogg > musicfiles.txt

Notice that if you add more songs you will need to regenerate this file for
the player to take them into account. However, modifications to the source
code wont need this file to be modified.

## Downloading some music
To try our small player we will need some music files. Hopefully, there are plenty of "free" songs that can be legally downloaded from the Internet.

There is a file called `small.m3u` among the project files. That file contains
the links to some classical music masterpieces. To retrieve the songs:

	wget -i small.m3u

A larger number of songs is also available in the file `music.m3u`. To
download them all you can use the above command changing the file name.

## Packages you will need to install
	sudo apt-get install libsfml-dev

## Resources
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Sound/list
- https://github.com/SFML/SFML/wiki/Source:-Jukebox
